bom2basket

This python script combines several BOM files such as those generated by Altium Designer,
merges quantity and generates an excel file with 3 sheets: one for Digi-Key, one for Newark
and the last for the others.

As input, it takes an excel file with production data, containing at least 3 columns; 
'BOM files','Qty' and 'Cust Ref' (order not important)
Each row contains the BOM file name, the quantity of PCBs produced, and a customer reference.

It will ask for a stock file, containing at least 2 columns, 'DPN' and 'Quantity' (order not important).
The buying quantities are the total quantities less the items in stock.
If a stock file is not selected, press cancel. The calculation will proceed without substracting the stock.

After reading the production and stock files, it will read the BOM files specified and calculate the 
total quantity of each components, merging same components from all the BOM files. After merging all
the parts, it will split the parts by suppliers. 

When it's done, it will ask for a filename for saving the basket. There will be 3 sheets in the file:
one for Digi-Key, one for Newark and the last one for all the other suppliers.

The Digi-Key site will be able to import the file into a cart directly. Same for Newark.

Requirements:  
The BOM files are those generated by Altium, each one for a single PCB.

The columns needed are:  
Dist:	Distributors (Digi-Key, Newark, others)  
DPN:	Distributor part number  
Quantity: this column is the quantity of components needed for 1 PCB only.   

The order of the columns are not important, there may be different distributors.
Be sure to spell the distributor names correctly: "Digi-Key" and "Newark" specially.
Others aren't checked.


